README.md, before:

# Scripture Guesser

[My Notes](notes.md)
*Really random idea, subjet to change this may be more than I am capable of*
My plan for this application is to create a game where people can compete against each other in a head-to head match to figure out what scripture is being referenced. I think I will do it where the scripture is revealed 1 word at a time in small time increments to allow the people playing to guess the word. I also think that players will accumulate points based on words remaining in the scripture. For example, if the scripture is Genisis 1:1 "In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth" a person who guessded on "In the beginning" would gain 7 points. There will be short matches between active players (or bots if I get to that point) and leaderboards showing who has won the most matches that day/week/month.
> [!NOTE]
> This is a template for your startup application. You must modify this `README.md` file for each phase of your development. You only need to fill in the section for each deliverable when that deliverable is submitted in Canvas. Without completing the section for a deliverable, the TA will not know what to look for when grading your submission. Feel free to add additional information to each deliverable description, but make sure you at least have the list of rubric items and a description of what you did for each item.

> [!NOTE]
> If you are not familiar with Markdown then you should review the [documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) before continuing.

## 🚀 Specification Deliverable

> [!NOTE]
> Fill in this sections as the submission artifact for this deliverable. You can refer to this [example](https://github.com/webprogramming260/startup-example/blob/main/README.md) for inspiration.

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [x] Proper use of Markdown (to the best of my limited knowledge)
- [x] A concise and compelling elevator pitch
- [x] Description of key features
- [x] Description of how you will use each technology
- [x} One or more rough sketches of your application. Images must be embedded in this file using Markdown image references.

### Elevator pitch

Imagine the game geo-guesser, but for missionaries. Something fun to help them practice quickly finding the scriptures that come to mind. I want to create a game that will be competative, but fun, having people compete online with each other to quickly identify what scripture is being referenced, accumulating points, and climbing the leaderboards. How fast can they find the scripture and submint their answer?
### Design

![Design image](https://github.com/cepsugar-del/webworm/blob/main/WhatsApp%20Image%202026-01-12%20at%2010.38.24%20PM.png)

### Key features

- Dynamic leaderboards that update regularly
- 'rooms' that players can open, join, and close
- Costomizable profiles
- Points Tracker within games
- Scripture library to pull from for games
- Some way to track time

### Technologies

I am going to use the required technologies in the following ways.

- **HTML** - Probably 3 or 4 pages, login, gameplay, gomepage, and probably settings. Hyperlinks embedded in artifacts will connect the pages
- **CSS** - Styling choices, including the display that slowly reveals the scripture to the player
- **React** - Something that will analyze the player inputs to see if it is correct,, displays chats within games, allows player to connect to games with each other
- **Service** - Login, library of scriptures to use
- **DB/Login** - Tracks leaderboard from the past and stores it for later
- **WebSocket** - In game chats, display the leaderboard, connect with other players in games

## 🚀 AWS deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [x] **Server deployed and accessible with custom domain name** - [My server link](https://scripturequesst.click).

## 🚀 HTML deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **HTML pages** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Proper HTML element usage** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Links** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Text** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **3rd party API placeholder** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Images** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Login placeholder** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **DB data placeholder** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **WebSocket placeholder** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 CSS deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **Visually appealing colors and layout. No overflowing elements.** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Use of a CSS framework** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **All visual elements styled using CSS** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Responsive to window resizing using flexbox and/or grid display** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Use of a imported font** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Use of different types of selectors including element, class, ID, and pseudo selectors** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 React part 1: Routing deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **Bundled using Vite** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Components** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Router** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 React part 2: Reactivity deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **All functionality implemented or mocked out** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Hooks** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 Service deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **Node.js/Express HTTP service** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Static middleware for frontend** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Calls to third party endpoints** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Backend service endpoints** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Frontend calls service endpoints** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Supports registration, login, logout, and restricted endpoint** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 DB deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **Stores data in MongoDB** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Stores credentials in MongoDB** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 WebSocket deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **Backend listens for WebSocket connection** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Frontend makes WebSocket connection** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Data sent over WebSocket connection** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **WebSocket data displayed** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Application is fully functional** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

Commit message:

HTML basics
Updated the deliverable status for HTML components to reflect completion. I have completed the basic parts

README.md, after:

# Scripture Guesser

[My Notes](notes.md)
*Really random idea, subjet to change this may be more than I am capable of*
My plan for this application is to create a game where people can compete against each other in a head-to head match to figure out what scripture is being referenced. I think I will do it where the scripture is revealed 1 word at a time in small time increments to allow the people playing to guess the word. I also think that players will accumulate points based on words remaining in the scripture. For example, if the scripture is Genisis 1:1 "In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth" a person who guessded on "In the beginning" would gain 7 points. There will be short matches between active players (or bots if I get to that point) and leaderboards showing who has won the most matches that day/week/month.
> [!NOTE]
> This is a template for your startup application. You must modify this `README.md` file for each phase of your development. You only need to fill in the section for each deliverable when that deliverable is submitted in Canvas. Without completing the section for a deliverable, the TA will not know what to look for when grading your submission. Feel free to add additional information to each deliverable description, but make sure you at least have the list of rubric items and a description of what you did for each item.

> [!NOTE]
> If you are not familiar with Markdown then you should review the [documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) before continuing.

## 🚀 Specification Deliverable

> [!NOTE]
> Fill in this sections as the submission artifact for this deliverable. You can refer to this [example](https://github.com/webprogramming260/startup-example/blob/main/README.md) for inspiration.

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [x] Proper use of Markdown (to the best of my limited knowledge)
- [x] A concise and compelling elevator pitch
- [x] Description of key features
- [x] Description of how you will use each technology
- [x} One or more rough sketches of your application. Images must be embedded in this file using Markdown image references.

### Elevator pitch

Imagine the game geo-guesser, but for missionaries. Something fun to help them practice quickly finding the scriptures that come to mind. I want to create a game that will be competative, but fun, having people compete online with each other to quickly identify what scripture is being referenced, accumulating points, and climbing the leaderboards. How fast can they find the scripture and submint their answer?
### Design

![Design image](https://github.com/cepsugar-del/webworm/blob/main/WhatsApp%20Image%202026-01-12%20at%2010.38.24%20PM.png)

### Key features

- Dynamic leaderboards that update regularly
- 'rooms' that players can open, join, and close
- Costomizable profiles
- Points Tracker within games
- Scripture library to pull from for games
- Some way to track time

### Technologies

I am going to use the required technologies in the following ways.

- **HTML** - Probably 3 or 4 pages, login, gameplay, gomepage, and probably settings. Hyperlinks embedded in artifacts will connect the pages
- **CSS** - Styling choices, including the display that slowly reveals the scripture to the player
- **React** - Something that will analyze the player inputs to see if it is correct,, displays chats within games, allows player to connect to games with each other
- **Service** - Login, library of scriptures to use
- **DB/Login** - Tracks leaderboard from the past and stores it for later
- **WebSocket** - In game chats, display the leaderboard, connect with other players in games

## 🚀 AWS deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [x] **Server deployed and accessible with custom domain name** - [My server link](https://scripturequesst.click).

## 🚀 HTML deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [x] **HTML pages** - I believe I have a good foundation
- [x] **Proper HTML element usage** - To the best of my knowledge I have used appropriate tags
- [x] **Links** - I think I have the pages linked appropriately
- [x] **Text** - There are some text elements.
- [ ] **3rd party API placeholder** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Images** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Login placeholder** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **DB data placeholder** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **WebSocket placeholder** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 CSS deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **Visually appealing colors and layout. No overflowing elements.** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Use of a CSS framework** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **All visual elements styled using CSS** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Responsive to window resizing using flexbox and/or grid display** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Use of a imported font** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Use of different types of selectors including element, class, ID, and pseudo selectors** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 React part 1: Routing deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **Bundled using Vite** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Components** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Router** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 React part 2: Reactivity deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **All functionality implemented or mocked out** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Hooks** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 Service deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **Node.js/Express HTTP service** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Static middleware for frontend** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Calls to third party endpoints** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Backend service endpoints** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Frontend calls service endpoints** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Supports registration, login, logout, and restricted endpoint** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 DB deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **Stores data in MongoDB** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Stores credentials in MongoDB** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.

## 🚀 WebSocket deliverable

For this deliverable I did the following. I checked the box `[x]` and added a description for things I completed.

- [ ] **Backend listens for WebSocket connection** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Frontend makes WebSocket connection** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Data sent over WebSocket connection** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **WebSocket data displayed** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
- [ ] **Application is fully functional** - I did not complete this part of the deliverable.
